This is a factory function that returns a closure.
So, like an instance of a class,
the closure has its own functions and variables as well. Check out what's going on here.
First, we can see that the radio function has a single parameter, "mode".
The radio function also has a local variable defined in it called "on",
and what this function returns is simply an object with a couple properties,
mode, turnOn and isOn.
So, what's interesting to note about this factory function is that the object that's
returned from this function actually has
a reference to variables defined within the function "on".
You can see on being used over here and on being returned over here.
What this object is doing is that it's closing over
a variable defined it within its parent function.
In other words, it preserves his own state.
I'm going to invoke this function and pass in a single argument for
its mode and let me go ahead and save this to a variable,
we'll just call it fmRadio.
So, if this radio function returns an object,
what if we try to access this on variable over here?
We get undefined which actually makes sense if you check out what fmRadio looks like.
fmRadio is just an object with a single mode property which points to
a string in two methods, turnOn and isOn.
So, even though the object references this on variable over here,
on itself isn't actually a property in this fmRadio object.
But since isOn still references the on variable,
we can still access the value of on since isOn closes over it. Check it out.
So again, as we expect,
on should return false and that's exactly what we get over here.
Before moving on, I'm actually going to go ahead and clear my console really quick,
give myself a little bit more space.
Now, let's go ahead and call the other method turnOn,
and now let's check out what the isOn method returns.
It returns true, since the turnOn method actually reassigns the value of on.
So again, you can leverage factory functions with the closure to preserve state.